Let's cross over to Zack kir he's a
resident at the al-shatti refugee camp
on the coastline of Gaza joins us now
live good to have you with us uh on the
program we saw in the last 24 hours
there was no communication for many
thousands of gazin uh what was that
situation like for you and your
family uh hi
uh what I can say what we're going
through now is beyond words beyond the
description Beyond
imagination Beyond any language ability
to to express what we are what we are
experiencing now we he about genocide
Holocaust massacres now we live in it
day and night what is the world waiting
for we don't have water we are scarce
like you know we have scarcity of
everything we are short of everything
but
death our neighbors about 100 meters
away from where I I live from my house
were bombed the night before and it was
it's complete darkness people at night
stay at their houses they can't go
anywhere it's complete darkness and they
are scared if they bomb a house at night
time because you can't see anything
people
can like you know can die under you know
the
rubel 37 people in that family were
killed
and it took them more than a day and
some people some remains still under the
house and we don't have the like you
know the the tools to take you know to
take them out short of ambulances short
of fuel short of water water water water
we don't have water we don't have
enough in ter everybody in the street
they have they hold their gallons and
they walking around they looking for
drinking water
it's it's a crisis like you know it's
it's a catastrophe it's it's a Holocaust
in terms of not being able to what the
world are waiting
for we are human
beings Mr H I want to tell Jo Biden and
for line and Son 10,000 people killed is
that
enough 3,000 and half kids killed is
enough how many more you
want what did we do to the
USA to Britain what did we do we are a
human being we are
civilians we look at our kids and we cry
our heart is broken our hearts are dead
we can't do anything we are
helpless we're just waiting for a
bomb all all around us we hearing the
sounds is very very scary people are
very scared girls boys they are shaking
when they hear the bombs too loud too
strong it it can't be described what are
you waiting for do you want to starve us
to death or you want to kill us what did
we do to the
world we have been going going through
this for the last 75
years what did the world do for us
nothing
I just want to tell
you all the mask now is taken off and
you are showing your real B you're not a
human you don't have
conscious because if you do you will ask
for a ceasefire
now and save the innocent people and the
innocent
kids how come how come this the world is
accept in this to to go
on with in constant fear constant
bombing we we hear the sounds all the
time day and
night we go to bed in fear we hug each
other when we don't know if we going to
wake up or
not how long how long you want how many
people you want to be
killed to do something to ask for a ceas
fire look you're hearing now this we
don't know where is it now again and we
living with this all the day all night
and we don't have scares of food water
we don't have water we worry about water
most Mr we don't know what to
do it's hard to know what to say after
what you've just said because I think it
involves nothing more
than understanding the pain that you're
going through right now and it certainly
resonates with the many millions that
are watching Al jazer at this moment
um I know that our Newsroom has fallen
silent by what you've just said and um
the pain and the suffering that you and
your family and your neighbors are
experiencing um cannot really be
described in any more perfect way than
the way you've just told us now live on
television it's easy for us to sit here
in a nice please we want please please
please we want this fire and it's easy
for us to actually say yes we understand
and yes we understand your plight but
actually we don't we don't understand
what you're going through but we're
hearing it from you and so is the global
audience and I think that if anything
happens certainly with what you've said
the politicians that are listening and
watching Al jazer right now should be
taking note of what you've
said in the coming hours we're hoping
for more we're hoping for we're hoping
for more reaction is a test for Humanity
this is what is happening now is a test
for Humanity everybody will pay the
price if we don't stop this those
government the corrupt governments are
dragging the world to Hell everybody on
this planet has to to stand and say stop
because everybody will be in this
hell Mr hania there we will leave it of
course and continue to keep in touch
with you stay safe for the moment and uh
look after yourself